---
layout: post
title:  Week Five
---

**What did you do this past week?**
We turned in the second project, which was about Australian voting. We were able to work on this project with a partner, which I did. We didn't really have too much trouble with actually coding the project, the real issue was understanding exactly the voting system that we were supposed to be implementing. Our first solution didn't actual calculate the winner correctly for most cases and we had trouble figuring out why until we realized our understanding of the project was flawed.

**What's in your way?**
I need motivation to actually get things done when I need to so that I won't be stressed and do everything at the last minute. I'm pretty behind in one of my other classes and it's stressing me out. I have stress dreams and end up waking up stressed over things that aren't even real and the whole cycle starts again.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week we won't have another project for this class so that we can study for our midterm, so I plan to devote some time to doing that. It also gives me a little extra time to catch up in my other classes which I'm grateful for.

**What's my experience of the class?**
I'm enjoying the class. I've been having some problems with the quizzes because I have to rush to finish it on time but end up getting the wrong answer. The lectures are entertaining and the class flies by like no other class I've ever taken.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
Buying reference books for languages is about as useful as buying the textbooks for most classes (not at all). I own about six very large reference books that I have never even opened. Anything you might be coding in already hass all of their documentation a short Google away.
