---
layout: post
title:  Week Four
---

**What did you do this past week?**
I was pretty busy with a project for graphics so I wasn't able to work on the OOP project. I started it today but it's proving to be more complicated than it seemed at first. Still totally manageable, but writing the tests and vetting the code is going to be a hassle.

**What's in your way?**
Keeping myself focused and finding time to work for stretches of time longer than five minutes. It's hard to find time to go to the lab to work on my projects. That's okay for OOP because I can work via docker, but for my graphics projects it's an issue.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week I plan on finishing the OOP project, which will be harder than it sounds considering I also have another graphics project to work on at the same time. Also finding time to work with my OOP partner will be a challenge, but I'm too worried about it considering she's my roommate.

**What's my experience of the class?**
It's good. I answered a question in class this week and I wasn't nervous at all and answered perfectly, which used to be a problem for me, so I'd say it's an improvement from last semester when I took the class. Also I was shocked to see how fast we got our grades back for project 1. That said, I don't really understand how I lost points on the documentation grade for the project, and there weren't any comments besides "Bad documentation" which isn't helpful.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
Eclipse is a pretty good IDE for C++.
