---
layout: post
title:  Week Nine
---

**What did you do this past week?**
We got back from Spring Break, which was a much needed rest! Over the break we did the bulk of the work for the allocator project so we finished by Tuesday of this week. The only things left to do were to iron out some bugs, which weren't too difficult, although they were such small things, that's the real difficulty of this project. It's an easier project than our previous ones though. In class we learned even more about classes and their constructors.

**What's in your way?**
Just stress, mostly. I'm worried about the summer (and future in general) because I still don't have internship. It's really distracting me from my present and the things I need to do right now. Also I'm tired all the time because this Texas heat doesn't let me sleep!!

**What will you do next week?**
Next week I'll be starting on the next project and working on the graphics project (mostly working on the graphics project). Hopefully I'll be hearing back from my internship interview very soon so this stress can end (or, alternatively, move on to a different stress).

**What's my experience of the class?**
Same as ever. I still don't understand why the Canvas assignment for the project is locked until just before it's due. Because of that we had to sit with our finished JSON file and wait for it to open. Why? I don't understand why they do this.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
You have to read Piazza. Half the time there will be some requirement to the assignment that was mentioned in the comments of a Piazza question and that's the only way you could know about it.
