---
layout: post
title:  Week One
---

**What did you do this past week?**
Being the first week of classes it was mostly orientation. Downing gave us a sort of quick run-down of the expectations of the class and the tools we'll be using. The first lecture was on interesting specifics concerning how C++ handles operators vs other languages. Also I literally just got back from the Global Game Jam, a yearly 48 hour game jam that happens across the globe. It was really fun! We actually finished our game so it's a great porfolio piece.

**What's in your way?**
The Global Game Jam took up 100% of my time this week so next week I hope I'll be a little smarter about my time management so that my school work doesn't get away from me like it did this weekend.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week I'll try to make sure I'm more on top of my school work than I was this week. A little forboding that I'm already having issues with that.

**What's my experience of the class?**
I actually took this class last semester but had to drop it halfway through, so mostly it's interesting to see the changes from last semester to this. I'm hoping that some of the kinks in the chain for projects are sorted out as far as workflow, because that was a huge issue last semester. Anyways since I've already taken the class there aren't really any surprises this time around.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
Go to game jams! They're super fun and educational, and you get to hang out and meet people that you wouldn't normally meet. And at the end you've learned a ton, made some friends, and have a side project to put on your resume.
