---
layout: post
title:  Week Six
---

**What did you do this past week?**
We didn't have a project to work on because we have a test this next week, which was good because I was pretty swamped with projects for other classes. Graphics in particular takes up quite a bit of my time. In class we learned about classes and the constructors the create them. I thought it was interesting that we went over intialization lists this time, because last time I took the class I'm fairly certain it wasn't covered in class and that ended up being a huge issue for one of the projects.

**What's in your way?**
Right now I really need to focus on the exam, which is tough because of all the other projects I have to do. The sheer man-hours of work in front of me is immobilizing to be honest. Anyways that's why I'm spending my Friday night writing this blog post instead of sleeping like I'd like to be doing.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week we have our first exam of the semester. I'm hoping by Monday most of my projects will be done so I can focus on the exam. That and I'll be working on yet another Graphics projects, because it never really seems to end.

**What's my experience of the class?**
Again, on the second project we lost points for seemingly no reason. It's kind of irritating thinking you're going the extra mile and then finding out you lost points without explanation. It's for this exact reason that having a partner for every project is necessary because these random lost points.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
There are lots of great clubs on campus and, as we read, spending time doing not-computer-science is very healthy. Personally I find creative projects like knitting to be a great stress reliever. If you'd like to attend a meeting where you can pursue a stress-relief activity I recommend you check out the Crafter's Circle. https://www.facebook.com/groups/craftercircle/
