---
layout: post
title:  Week Two
---

**What did you do this past week?**
This week we talked about the first project, Collatz, and talked about the process of implementing it. We also learned how to use Google Tests to test our code. We did our first class assignment where we fixed code and 

**What's in your way?**
I don't feel like anyhing's in my way right now. I'm really enjoying my schedule setup because I think it allows me to use my time to the fullest whether I'm working or relaxing and that's really all I want. More practically speaking though I'm having trouble setting up the Collatz project. Particularly the Travis step.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week Collatz is due, so I'll be putting the finishing touches on that. Generally speaking I plan to keep doing what I've been doing because it seems to be working pretty well. I'm have some issues staying focused so I'm going to be more conscious of that and use what little willpower I have to fight it.

**What's my experience of the class?**
Again, it's pretty similar ot that last time I took it.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**
My tip of the week is to update your LinkedIn. Do it. Go do it right now. <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/profile/edit?trk=hp-identity-edit-profile">Here I'll give you a link.</a> Make sure to include a summary of yourself. I learned this week LinkedIn actually works. Within two days of adding a new skill I had employers contacting me about work, so go update your LinkedIn, or get one if you don't already have one.
